---
layout: post
title:  Buskers
category: short-story
permalink: /creative-writing/short-story/buskers
---

'Playing guitar would be good. You just go on the street and play guitar. Everyone will love it.' Tom said.
<br /><br />
 
We were talking about what to do in a post-apocalyptic world. The great electromagnetic wipeout is going to burn all the electronic systems around the world, rendering computers useless. The kind which would be brought on by an abnormal solar flare or mid-size meteor explosion in the sky. No computers, no electricity, no internet, no Netflix. Everybody must be bored. They need entertainment.
<br /><br />
 
'Speaking of busking, I remember when Joe told us the CommBank ATM on Smith Street had a bug and it was giving away fifty dollar notes instead of twenty. We got in his car, nine of us, and drove to the ATM. There was a huge line. Everyone was withdrawing 80 bucks and getting three fifty dollar notes. Some of them tried to do it a few times and everyone behind was getting impatient.
<br /><br />
 
I had a guitar. So, I sat next to the ATM and sang songs. Man, those guys were giving me 50 dollar notes here and there, saying yeah you are cool. Then the police came. Everybody scattered. I had many fifty dollar notes in my pockets.
<br /><br />
 
Eventually, the bank figured out who had withdrawn money from that ATM and they all had to pay. I kept them all, though.'
<br /><br />
 
'Hey, do you remember the old busker when we played a show in Perth.' Quang said.
<br /><br />
 
'He was an old dude, very ragged. He had a few missing teeth. He was busking outside of the club where I went after the show. He had a way with music. He got everybody dancing. As they danced, money was dropping from their pockets because they danced so hard. Those drunken people teased him and left. After they left, heaps of money were left on the ground. The old guy picked them up and grinned at me like he was saying this is how to busk, man.
<br /><br />
 
He was good. He made everybody dance so hard. Their purse and money falling out of their pockets.'
<br /><br />
 
'When the apocalypse comes, we'll go busking.'
<br /><br />